chore: prepare for release 0.16.0-rc1 (#628)
bottlerocket-os/twoliter: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

[unreleased]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/twoliter/compare/v0.16.0...HEAD

## [0.16.0-rc1] - 2026-01-06

### Added

> * Add sbomtool generate an SBOM of the RPMs during imagebuild for use in the SBOM merge ([#627])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add sbomtool to generate an SBOM of the RPMs during image build for use in the SBOM merge ([#627])
```

* Add AWS SDK messages to errors ([#613])

### Fixed

> * Fixed non-EROFS variants properly remove uncompressed SBOM after compression ([#627])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix non-EROFS variants to properly remove uncompressed SBOM after compression ([#627])
```
